The most difficult part of training I gotta say, it's probably the material,
at least for nuclear technology. I wasn't a very good student.
I got good grades but it was really difficult for me to learn the
material myself. Like for instance one of the things that we learned
is what grounds are you know, and it took me so long to figure out
what a ground is, like ground they say it's the earth you know. Like
what do you mean by that? Eventually you find out that ground means
that that's a plane of neutral electricity so that you can have high
voltage and low voltage and ground means, and there is a way to learn
it but it just took me a really long time to learn it because I
wasn't really technical. So that's a really simple thing I learned that
you know like I had to catch up on, but they're a lot more complex
things you know, like when you learned about multiplexes, you're
learning about the way that the voltage regulator really works on the
inside you know. Those can be really difficult so it's a wrap your
head around, but eventually with enough opening the pages and putting
your eyes on it over and over and over, it become simple. Everything
becomes simple with lots of practice.